🚨 Critical Issues Identified
1. Missing Frontend Implementation
The repository lacks a frontend directory or any React components. There's no evidence of a UI framework like React, Vue, or Angular being integrated.

2. Absence of Build Scripts
There are no scripts or configurations (e.g., Webpack, Vite, or Next.js) to build or serve a frontend application.

3. No Package Management
There's no package.json file, indicating that Node.js dependencies and scripts for a frontend application are missing.

4. Lack of API Integration
While the backend smart contracts are present, there's no implementation to interact with them via a frontend. Tools like ethers.js or web3.js are not integrated to facilitate this interaction.

🛠️ Recommended Actions for the Dev Agent
To establish a functional UI, follow these steps:

Step 1: Initialize the Frontend Project
Create a new directory for the frontend:

bash
Copy
Edit
mkdir frontend
cd frontend
Initialize a new React project with TypeScript:

bash
Copy
Edit
npx create-react-app . --template typescript
Step 2: Set Up Package Management
Ensure package.json is present in the frontend directory.

Install necessary dependencies:

bash
Copy
Edit
npm install ethers react-router-dom tailwindcss
Step 3: Configure Tailwind CSS
Initialize Tailwind CSS:

bash
Copy
Edit
npx tailwindcss init -p
Configure tailwind.config.js and include Tailwind in your CSS.

Step 4: Develop UI Components
Create components for:

Dashboard

Escrow Details

Create Escrow Form

Wallet Connection
Epic Games Developer
+8
GitHub Resources
+8
GitHub Docs
+8
GitHub App Tutorial
AWS Documentation
+1
GitHub App Tutorial
+1

Use ethers.js to interact with smart contracts.

Step 5: Implement Routing
Set up routing using react-router-dom to navigate between components.

Step 6: Connect to Smart Contracts
Use ethers.js to connect to the deployed smart contracts.

Create a service layer to handle contract interactions.

Step 7: Testing and Deployment
Test the application thoroughly.

Use npm run build to create a production build.

Deploy the frontend to a hosting service like Vercel or Netlify.

✅ Summary
The current codebase lacks a frontend implementation, which is essential for user interaction with the smart contracts. By following the steps outlined above, you can develop a functional UI that interacts seamlessly with the backend smart contracts.